welcome back to hbg my guest is longtime
Farrington head coach Randall okamoto
and Randall obviously a good first month
the season for you guys some big games
coming up what's been the key to your
success so far if you were to pinpoint
one thing well we are we are heavy with
seniors on our team so senior leadership
and also community leadership so
everybody's just supporting that will be
the number one key to our success this
season obviously the one of the
strengths which seemed to be your
offensive line you guys have been
running the ball really well what's the
key to getting those guys to stay on
blacks did you foresee them having this
kind of success when you got together
back at the beginning of fall camp well
it's been the offensive line but tight
in and our backs have been with each
other for so long and the bench starting
from their sophomore years till now and
so that helps that always helps them
because they've known each other and
been playing with each other for that
long I think that's been the key to our
success in our running game 11 years ago
when you took over the spread offense
was just coming into vogue and those
were the teams that were considered hard
to prepare for it because you didn't see
it every week now you're one of the few
downhill teams in the OA o IA or it
seems and does that make you harder to
prepare for the fact that you're a power
team and in a league that has a lot of
spread team well I mean yes like
anything else if you don't see it a lot
it is harder to prepare for but both
types of offenses has its all
disadvantages and advantages it like for
us you got to be physical injuries play
a key role in running our offensive
staying healthy is
roll and so you know I would think it
may be difficult but but it's also
difficult preparing as a spread team as
well we've been your most consistent
player would you say on offense so far
in 2012 most consistent player who will
be our offensive line it's hard to pick
one or two of them you know the group
these guys work as units you know they
work as groups so it's hard to pick one
or two guys but because they've been
with each other for so long and they've
worked hard in offseason you can see it
on the field and for example with Tyler
turmoil being in and if he comes out
Abraham silver will come in and we
wouldn't miss a beat and vice versa same
thing with our fullbacks with Jackie
Anna kaleia TJ will tie we don't miss
the be with either one of them so that
really helps and they make sense to me
see on the offensive line he's been a
sub since we lost our right guard or
left guard Mitchell Boyd to injury in
the st. Louis game he's been filling in
so a lot of these guys they really they
really have been working with each other
and they back each other up so to speak
and who's a player on the offense that
maybe we are not familiar with who's
ready for a breakout game hopefully this
week that when you go to play kailua
well we have a young quarterback his
name is Montana Liana he's a sophomore
and he's been very poised you know a lot
of people have been complimenting his
play because of his youth but he doesn't
let that stop him that's not something
that he thinks about and we don't as
well but he worked so hard so we hope he
has a good game because he works so hard
from january to now to to get to this
point to be earned the right to be the
starter we brought him up from the day
BN and yeah we just wish him well
because because of the work he put in
and he's also a good student I mean he's
his great checks has been four point oh
great chicks and so that's something we
love to see student-athletes your
defense has also performed very well so
far what what group within that defense
be at your secondary your linebackers
your interior what's been the best so
far you think well it's hard to pinpoint
the best group you know we have leaders
in each position like Isaiah tava is the
leader of the linebackers you got
manling Williams you got Roger boy set
the funnel lava tie enough in a
backfield on a defensive line we got
Reno sauna polo and brady and fiocco who
returned but Nolan s Romo and more too
hey Mooney has been filling in real well
for the for the seniors that we lost
last year and so again they've been
working well as a group as a unit it's
always hard to pinpoint a few players
but we're very happy with that and the
playoffs are just around the corner I
know you just playing one game at a time
it's Kailua this week but obviously
special teams are always a huge aspect
in the playoffs and in every game how
would you rate your special teams so far
do you feel like you're at a hundred
percent in that regard um well we have
proved a little I think on our extra
point and hit a few few goals I think
but it's hard to say we we don't do
terribly bad in special teams but
there's always room for improvement we
stretched it during practice and we
emphasize it a lot and so we just hope
that we play well in all phases of the
game when the time is right and that's
in the playoffs well cailou is the
opponent this weekend from what you know
of them and what you know of your own
personnel what part of your game above
all others others has to really be on to
have a chance to win on Friday night
well we need to contain their
quarterback he's a four-year starter
Kohaku and
he's a good player strong arm also need
to contain their running back Darren
Young shifty talented he can run the
ball well and Kyle always have has had
big linemen on the offensive and
defensive line so it's not gonna be an
easy game for us at all and so we need
to be ready to play it's just like how
we ready to play for Goku or any other
team that we play and we got to be on
our toes